=head1 NAME

perlopref - Perl operators reference

=head1 PERL OPERATORS

=head2 Assignment Operators

Refer to L<perlop/"Assignment Operators"> for detailed descriptions of the following.

=over

=item X = Y

Assigns the value of Y to X.

=item X += Y

Adds the value of Y to the value of X in place.

=item X -= Y

Subtracts the value of Y from the value of X in place.

=item X *= Y

Multiplies the value of X by the value of Y, assigning the result to X.

=item X /= Y

Divides the value of X by the value of Y, assigning the result to X.

=item X ||= Y

Performs a logical OR of X and Y and assigns back to X when X is false.

=item X //= Y

Performs a defined OR of X and Y and assigns back to X when X is undef.

=item X <<= Y

TBD.

=item X >>= Y

TBD.

=item X |= Y

TBD.

=item X %= Y

TBD.

=item X ^= Y

TBD.

=item X &= Y

TBD.

=item X &&= Y

TBD.

=item X .= Y

TBD.

=item X x= Y

TBD.

=item X & Y

TBD.

=item X | Y

TBD.

=item X ^ Y

TBD.

=item X and Y

TBD.

=item X or Y

TBD.

=item X xor Y

TBD.

=item X != Y

Compares X and Y for numeric inequality.

=item X ne Y

Compares X and Y for stringwise inequality.

=item X > Y

TBD.

=item X gt Y

TBD.

=item X < Y

TBD.

=item X lt Y

TBD.

=item X >= Y

TBD.

=item X gte Y

TBD.

=item X <= Y

TBD.

=item X lte Y

TBD.

=item X <=> Y

TBD.

=item X cmp Y

TBD.



=back

=head2 Section Name Corresponding (Roughly) to L<perlop>

=over

=item X _OP_ Y

TBD.

=item X _OP_ Y

TBD.

=item X _OP_ Y

TBD.

=back

=head1 OPERATOR TIPS

Operators may be overloaded, for example by using L<overload>, to work
with objects or in new and potentially unexpected ways.

=cut
